architecture.MD, before:

# Architecture - XYZZY Service

## An HTTP API for automated sales call transcription

## Checklist to add a new pipeline stage

- Create a new folder under `cmd` with the same name as the service (using Go naming conventions, e.g., for `initial-request` service, the folder name would be `initialRequest`)
- Copy and paste `main.go` from `initialRequest`, modify:
  - in `init()` modify `logPrefix`
  - in `main()` modify `prefix`
  - in `taskHandler()` implement appropriate task handling for the new pipeline stage - **the heavy lifting**
- Copy and paste `app.yaml` from `initialRequest`, modify:
  - under `env_variables` rename the several `TASK_` lines and give them appropriate values
    - e.g., the `initial-request` service has env vars that begin with  `TASK_INITIAL_REQUEST`; change the names of all of those to `TASK_`your_service_name, and set the values appropriately
- update `.bash_profile` or equivalent with the env vars above, to run locally
- update `config.yaml` as needed
  - Ensure both `.gitignore` and `.gcloudignore` exclude `config.yaml`
  - The script `gupload_encrypted.sh` will encrypt `config.yaml` and copy it to Google Cloud Storage in the bucket specified by the `ENCRYPTED_BUCKET` env var

## Language

- **Actionable Sales Information**: data extracted during transcription processing that enables the customer to pursue sales opportunities
- **Billing**: record billable activities and periodically charge the customer, e.g., for transcriptions delivered and storage used
- **Customer**
- **External service**: e.g., Sonix.ai, Google Speech-to-Text, Dropbox
- **Media**: the audio or video file to be transcribed
- **Persistence**: storing work products for later use by the customer or us
- **Prep**: perform setup steps required for the next stage of request processing
- **Queue**: an ordered sequence of requests at various stages of processing
- **Reporting**: periodically providing information the customer wants, delivered as they prefer
- **Request**: a customer-initiated event to begin producing a transcription; may be initiated by an external service on behalf of the customer, e.g., a new Twilio call recording is available
- **Review**: a human corrects/enhances the transcript produced by an external service, improving the transcript to be more accurate and valuable
- **Reviewer**: a human that performs reviews
- **Transcript**: a text file with the written transcript produced from the provided media file
- **Validation**: confirm a request meets the requirements to proceed to the next stage of request processing

## Services

**Request**: create, enqueue, dequeue, process, complete ... a request
**Transcript**: create, review, tag, complete, deliver ... a transcript
**Reporting**: create, complete, deliver ... a report

## Value Objects

Customer, request, media file, transcript, tagging metadata

## Events

**Request**: rejected, created, added to queue, dispatched to worker, process step completed and removed from queue, retried, special handling required
**Transcript**: created, under review, review completed, transcripion completed, delivered to customer, special handling required
**Customer**: added, modified, transcription requested, transcript delivered, report delivered, service charge allocation added, billing event, external service resource billed
**External Services**: processing by service requested, processing completed, service resource consumed (capturing key metrics), service charge received, service charges matched to customer usage, service charges allocated to customers for billing
**Billing**: payment method established, payment method verified, external service consumed (e.g., seconds of processing), periodic charges calculated (e.g., GB of storage), customer payment initiated (e.g., credit card charged), customer payment received

## Repository

**Customer Repository**: enables the customer to review previously completed recordings, transcripts and reports. Contains: original audio file, delivered transcript, reports

**Transcription Artifacts**: enables us to revisit previously completed requests and work product to develop customized ML models, assess improvement by external services. Contains: delivered transcript, tagging metadata; intermediate transcripts; all associated with customer's original audio file

## Packages

``` text
cmd (things you start)
|__data
|  |__main.go (add sample data, etc.)
|__server
   |__main.go (HTTP server, routing, etc.)
pkg
|__adding (enqueue)
|__completing
|__delivering
|__listing
|__removing (dequeue)
|__reviewing
|__storage
|__submitting
|__[value objects - `struct`s]
```

## GAE Services

Google App Engine services as defined in `app.yaml` files.

``` text
default (./cmd/server, app startup)
|__initial-request (./cmd/initial-request, incoming requests for transcription)
```

## Cloud Tasks Queues

Google Cloud Tasks queues and flow: *(see Airtable, "Flooring: Transcription Pipeline" for details)*

1. **InitialRequest**: tasks added by `default` service, handled by `initial-request` service implemented by `./cmd/initialRequest/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **ServiceDispatch**: tasks added by `initial-request` service, handled by `service-dispatch` service implemented by `./cmd/serviceDispatch/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptionGCP**: tasks added by `service-dispatch` service, handled by `transcription-GCP` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionGCP/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptionComplete**: tasks added by `transcription-GCP` service, handled by `transcription-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptQA**: tasks added by `transcription-complete` service, handled by `transcript-QA` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptQA/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptQAComplete**: tasks added by `transcript-QA` service, handled by `transcript-QA-complete` service  implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionQAComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **Tagging**: tasks added by `transcript-QA-complete` service, handled by `tagging` service implemented by `./cmd/tagging/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingComplete**: tasks added by `tagging` service, handled by `tagging-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/taggingComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingQA**: tasks added by `tagging-complete` service, handled by `tagging-QA` service implemented by `./cmd/taggingQA/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingQAComplete**: tasks added by `tagging-QA` service, handled by `transcript-request-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionRequestComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint

Commit message:

feat: WIP implement basic flow
Implemented `transcription-gcp` service (`cmd/transcriptionGCP`).
Updated `architecture.MD` to reflect additional steps, warnings, etc.
Updated `config.go` and `config_test.go`. Moved `config.yaml` to root
where it belongs; ensured excluded in `.gitignore` and `.gcloudignore`.

architecture.MD, after:

# Architecture - XYZZY Service

## An HTTP API for automated sales call transcription

## Checklist to add a new pipeline stage

- Create a new folder under `cmd` with the same name as the service (using Go naming conventions, e.g., for `initial-request` service, the folder name would be `initialRequest`)
- Copy and paste `main.go` from `initialRequest`, modify:
  - in `init()` modify `logPrefix`
  - in `main()` modify `prefix`
  - in `taskHandler()` implement appropriate task handling for the new pipeline stage - **the heavy lifting**
- Copy and paste `app.yaml` from `initialRequest`, modify:
  - change `service:` to the new stage's service name (convention is to use the Cloud Tasks queue name but all lower case and with dashes between words)
  - under `env_variables:` change the *names* of the several `TASK_` lines and give them appropriate values
    - e.g., the `initial-request` service has env vars that begin with  `TASK_INITIAL_REQUEST`; change the names of all of those to `TASK_`your_service_name, and set the values appropriately
  - change the values of the `TASK_` env vars as needed
- in `pkg/config/config.go`:
  - at bottom, update the `Config struct` definition to add the "friendly name" for the env vars created above
  - at top, update the `[]binding`: for each env var, pair the friendly name just created with the env var name created earlier
- to run locally, update `.bash_profile` or equivalent with the env vars above
  - restart VC Code or equivalent after changing `.bash_profile` so those changes take effect
  - obviously the env var names and values in `app.yaml` and `.bash_profile` should match
- if needed, update `config.yaml` with configuration info that will be stored encrypted and read by `GetConfig()`
  - Ensure both `.gitignore` and `.gcloudignore` exclude `config.yaml`
  - The script `gupload_encrypted.sh` will encrypt `config.yaml` and copy it to Google Cloud Storage in the bucket specified by the `ENCRYPTED_BUCKET` env var
- update `_test.go` files including `pkg/config/config_test.go` to include the new `Config struct` members in `defaultResult`
- **IMPORTANT:** run `pkg/config/config_test.go` to ensure the friendly names and env var names all are correct. **Mistakes here are common sources of early deployment failures!**
- modify `gdeploy.sh` to deploy the new pipeline stage's service by adding the path to the service's `app.yaml`
- run `bash ./gdeploy.sh` to deploy all services
  - ... or copy and paste the `gsutil -m rm`... command to remove old files, and copy, paste and edit the `gcloud app deploy`... command to deploy only the new service

## Language

- **Actionable Sales Information**: data extracted during transcription processing that enables the customer to pursue sales opportunities
- **Billing**: record billable activities and periodically charge the customer, e.g., for transcriptions delivered and storage used
- **Customer**
- **External service**: e.g., Sonix.ai, Google Speech-to-Text, Dropbox
- **Media**: the audio or video file to be transcribed
- **Persistence**: storing work products for later use by the customer or us
- **Prep**: perform setup steps required for the next stage of request processing
- **Queue**: an ordered sequence of requests at various stages of processing
- **Reporting**: periodically providing information the customer wants, delivered as they prefer
- **Request**: a customer-initiated event to begin producing a transcription; may be initiated by an external service on behalf of the customer, e.g., a new Twilio call recording is available
- **Review**: a human corrects/enhances the transcript produced by an external service, improving the transcript to be more accurate and valuable
- **Reviewer**: a human that performs reviews
- **Transcript**: a text file with the written transcript produced from the provided media file
- **Validation**: confirm a request meets the requirements to proceed to the next stage of request processing

## Services

**Request**: create, enqueue, dequeue, process, complete ... a request
**Transcript**: create, review, tag, complete, deliver ... a transcript
**Reporting**: create, complete, deliver ... a report

## Value Objects

Customer, request, media file, transcript, tagging metadata

## Events

**Request**: rejected, created, added to queue, dispatched to worker, process step completed and removed from queue, retried, special handling required
**Transcript**: created, under review, review completed, transcripion completed, delivered to customer, special handling required
**Customer**: added, modified, transcription requested, transcript delivered, report delivered, service charge allocation added, billing event, external service resource billed
**External Services**: processing by service requested, processing completed, service resource consumed (capturing key metrics), service charge received, service charges matched to customer usage, service charges allocated to customers for billing
**Billing**: payment method established, payment method verified, external service consumed (e.g., seconds of processing), periodic charges calculated (e.g., GB of storage), customer payment initiated (e.g., credit card charged), customer payment received

## Repository

**Customer Repository**: enables the customer to review previously completed recordings, transcripts and reports. Contains: original audio file, delivered transcript, reports

**Transcription Artifacts**: enables us to revisit previously completed requests and work product to develop customized ML models, assess improvement by external services. Contains: delivered transcript, tagging metadata; intermediate transcripts; all associated with customer's original audio file

## Packages

``` text
cmd (things you start)
|__data
|  |__main.go (add sample data, etc.)
|__server
   |__main.go (HTTP server, routing, etc.)
pkg
|__adding (enqueue)
|__completing
|__delivering
|__listing
|__removing (dequeue)
|__reviewing
|__storage
|__submitting
|__[value objects - `struct`s]
```

## GAE Services

Google App Engine services as defined in `app.yaml` files.

``` text
default (./cmd/server, app startup)
|__initial-request (./cmd/initial-request, incoming requests for transcription)
```

## Cloud Tasks Queues

Google Cloud Tasks queues and flow: *(see Airtable, "Flooring: Transcription Pipeline" for details)*

1. **InitialRequest**: tasks added by `default` service, handled by `initial-request` service implemented by `./cmd/initialRequest/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **ServiceDispatch**: tasks added by `initial-request` service, handled by `service-dispatch` service implemented by `./cmd/serviceDispatch/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptionGCP**: tasks added by `service-dispatch` service, handled by `transcription-GCP` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionGCP/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptionComplete**: tasks added by `transcription-GCP` service, handled by `transcription-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptQA**: tasks added by `transcription-complete` service, handled by `transcript-QA` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptQA/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TranscriptQAComplete**: tasks added by `transcript-QA` service, handled by `transcript-QA-complete` service  implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionQAComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **Tagging**: tasks added by `transcript-QA-complete` service, handled by `tagging` service implemented by `./cmd/tagging/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingComplete**: tasks added by `tagging` service, handled by `tagging-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/taggingComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingQA**: tasks added by `tagging-complete` service, handled by `tagging-QA` service implemented by `./cmd/taggingQA/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
1. **TaggingQAComplete**: tasks added by `tagging-QA` service, handled by `transcript-request-complete` service implemented by `./cmd/transcriptionRequestComplete/main.go` and `/task_handler` endpoint
