PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Description

A summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Resolves #(issue)

## Type of change

Delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Testing Done

Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Please also note any relevant details for your test configuration.

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

## Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules

Commit message:

chore: revise pull req template, add issue template
Resolve issue #9 - Add consistency and structure to issues, pull requests and commit msgs

PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Name

## Description

A summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Resolves #(issue) -- PRs MUST respond to an issue, if one does not exist create one on GitHub BEFORE submitting the PR

## Type of change

Delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] Feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Refactor (refactor production code)
- [ ] Docs (change to documentation)
- [ ] Test (adding or refactoring tests; no production code change)
- [ ] Chore (updating grunt tasks etc; no production code change)

- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Testing Done

Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Please also note any relevant details for your test configuration.

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

## Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules
